tot] Lffln sonno As nnotten conoe. 203

incurvotc, indicate, indurate, inebriate, infatuate,
inflate, initiate, innato, inoculatc, insinuate, inspissate,
instigate, intencalate‚ interpolate, interrogate, intimi·
date, intricate, investigate, inveterate, invocate, irra-
diate, irrigate, irritcte, iterate, lacerate, legitimate,
liberate, librate, licentiate, liquidate, locate, lubricatc,
macerate, maculate, matriculatc, mediate, medicate,
meditate, melioratc, migrate, militate, mitigate, moder-
ate, modulate, mutilate, negotiatc‚ nominate, obdurate,
obfuscatc, obliterate, obstinate, obviate, operate, ordi-
nate, oscillatc, osculate, palpitatc, participate, peculate,
penetrate, perambulate, percolate, perforate, permeate,
perpetrate, populate, postulate, predicate, premeditato,
preponderate, prevaricate, procrastinato, procreate,
profligate, promulgate, propagate, pulsate, punctuate,
reduplicate, refrigerate, regenerato relegato, remon-
strate, remunerate, renovate, reprobate, repudiate, re-
suscitate, retaliate, reverberate, ruminate, sate (merely
a short form for satiate), satiate, saturato, sedate,
segregate, separate, simulate, situatc, stagnate, stimu-
late, subjugate, suffocate, supplicate, supputate, curro
gato (a noun), tolerate, triplicate, trituratc, truncate,
variegate, ventilatc, vibrate, vindicate, violate.

8. Fnon SnnMs ΙΝ e.

α. The present stem used ae an Engush word.

abhor, absorb, adhere, coerce, cohere, condole, deride,
despond, deter, provide, subside.

b. The stom of tho present pmflciple used ac an
English word

 

