202 aaa mm ιΝ ecanae. [14⁶-

bifurcate, calculatc, capitalate, castigate, celebrate,
circumnavigata coagulatc, cogitate, cognate, collocate,
commemorate, commensurate, compensate, complicato,

concatenate, conciliate, confabulate, confederate, con· ·

fiscate, conglomerate, conglutinate, congratulatc, con·
gregata, connata (= cognate), consecrate, consolidate,
constipate, consummate, contaminate, contemplate,
coeperate, copulate, corroborate, corrugata coruscate,
create, culminata, cultivate, cumulate, debilitate, de
capitata, deeimate, decorate, dedicate, defalcate (it
should be diffateate, as it comes from dissulcare, to eut
away with a sickle), degenerata, delegate, deliberate,
delineate, demonstrate, denominate, deprecate, depre-
ciate, derogata, desecrate, desiccate, desolate, deterio-
rate, detonate, devastate, deciate, dictate, dilapidata,
disconsolate, discriminate, dislocate, dissect, dissemi-
nate, dissipate, dissociata, dominata, duplicate, educate,
effeminate, ejaculate, elaborate, elevate, eliminate,
emaciate, emanate, emancipata, emasculate, emigrate,
emulate, enervate, enumerate, enunciate, eradicate,
eructate, estimate, evacuate, evaporate, eviscerate,
exacerbate, exaggerate, exasperate, excogitate, excom-
municate, excoriate, excruciate, exculpate, execrata,
exfoliate, exonerate, expatriate, expectorate, expurgate,
extenuate, exterminate, exttrpate (for exstirpate, from
exstirpare), extravasate, extricata fabricate, fascinata
flagellate, fluctuate, formulate, frustrate, fulminato,
fumigate, furcate, generate, gesticulate, gratulate,
hesitate, humiliate, illuminate, illustrate, imitate, im-
migrate‚ immolate, implicate, imprecate, inaugurate,
incarcerate, incorporate, incubate, inculcate, inculpate,

 

