186 rer rArrrv riv rnorrsn. [rsa

alegal document or a portion of a church service, to
be used as a sort of catch word, and so to become an
English name ior the whole3 ae. an English noun.

'Moli is a mere contractiori of mobile vulgus, the

oceoep crowd (mobile is hard to translate in this
expression—perhaps it might be rendered always ia
motion).

Qinqrropesc'rao Sunday is the second Sunday before
Lent; so called because it is about the fiftieth day
(qulnqua‘rgdslmd dies) before Easter. ¹

Duodecimo (the ablative singular of duodeclmds,
twelsth) is a name applied to a book made of sheets of
paper each oi which is so folded as to make twelve
leaves. The full expression would be ln duodecimo,
ic tweljlb. In like manner we use quarto, from quartus,
fourth, and octono, from octavus, eipbtb. Folio is the
ablative singular of sonum, leof. A folio book isone
in which each sheet of paper is folded once, te. scas
to make two leaves.

Summum bonum means the highest good.

via ducta, o rond led (across some obstacle, as a
ravine), gives oiodcct. In like manner from aqua
ducta, we have corraderet, etc.

140. Some Latin prepositions and adverbs are used
in English as nouns or adjectives.

The proposition extra, beporid, becomes an English
adjective. We speak of working cotra boare, of an
extro edition of a newspaper, or, as the newsboys call
it, an “ extra'' (they are more likely to say “ extry '’).

nterim, ic the meantime, is used as an English noun3

 

