ua] nArrn orrens As. nncnrsu Wonnn. 193

doctor, gladiator, horror, legislator, lemur, lictor, male
factor, nomenclator, pallor, pastor, praetor, precentor,
precursor, predecessor, proctor, prolocutor, spectator,
splendor, sponsor, tuber, turtle (= maur), victor.

Stem in t

infant

2. Vowun Srnus.
a. Stems ln a.

agriculture, ark, bull (meaning a papa] edict), cal-
ends, candle, cell, cincture, circumference (circumfe-
rentia, the change from tl to cc being as in Latin nouus
which come to us through the French, 147), circum·
stance (from circumstantie, in like manner), column,
controversy, contumaoy, coop (from cupa, c cot, a
doching unsel), cup (also from cupa, o cut, o dealing
cesset), custody, cuticle, efficacy, farm, ferule, fork,
gastine, grauary, hoopoe (from upupa), horticulture,
host (the consecrated broad in the eucharist, from hos·
fle, the l being lost), inch, juncture, kitohen (from
coquina), linc (meaning o cord, from nnec), lymph,
mallow (from milne), mandible, mulot‚ nomenclatura,
noon (= nona hort, the pluth bour-originally 3 p.m.,
as the Romans began to count the hours at 6—but
afterward the time of the church service called nones,
ie. the serviae for the ninth honr, was put back. So

¹ tho word has since been applied to midday), nun (from

nunna, or nonna, mother, a title of respect), pan (from
panna, acommon form for patine), picture, pile (mean-

 

