nc] noers raonrnrrn rencone rnrnon. 207

accord, accordare, to agrem accuse, accurare, ιο
oberge agnina onc,· admire, admirari, ιο wonder οι,·
adulation, bdelium, fluitans, 'semoing (this is from
edmari, which probably means ιο wop tlte coil, like a
dog—hence ιο somn), adverse, adversus (from adva-
tere), conred agatnen advise, ed visum, towards what
seems best (visum, the accusative neuter of the parti·
ciple from ulcere, ιο see, in the passive, ιο seem); alb,
alba (from albus, antee), o coltile priently centenero&
altar, altirl- (N. altere), o bigle ploce (from altus, biple),
altercation,a1tarcfit15n·, odicpntm ambition, ambulen,
going orcnncl, ιο. going around electioneering (from
ambire, ιο po oronnd); angle, angulus, ο corner,· beati-
tude, N. beitltfidb (stem beititr‘rdln, from boetus,
blamed), bleseedncss; benign, maignus, lind· cancel,
cancellare, ιο droco lines across o decd (from cancellus,
ο proting)3 candid, candidus, ebinlnp, cleon

In like manner find the derivation of the following:
cessation, cession, client, collation, collect, college,
commission, compose, concord, condescend‚ conjure,
consent, conspire, contemn, damn, declaro, decline,
depend, deposit, descend, discern, effect, eloquent,
excel, except, excess, false, firm, iracticn, fracture,
fragment, furtive, humid, ignore, image, imagine, im·
bibe, immortal, implore, impert, impugn, indict, infer,
innocent, intercede, interjection, invokc, jurisdiction,
malediction, malign, maritime, mediator, meridian,
mobile, modest, motion, multitude, nature, note, nu-
meration, obscure, occur, omnipotent‚ oppress, orator,
oration, perjure, perturb, prelude, prove, proverb, pro
uokc, pure, purge, radical, refer, regent, repugnant,

 

